{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf350
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\info
{\author James Talmage}}\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15520\viewh15480\viewkind1\viewscale90
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0

\f0\b\fs30 \cf0 JET_RotateAboutOrigin.jsx\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0

\b0 \cf0 A Javascript for Adobe Illustrator CS2 & CS3 by James E. Talmage.\
\
Purpose:\
Rotates selected pageItems about the ruler origin by a user-specified amount (in degrees). This allows the user\
to use and re-use the ruler origin as a remembered rotation center.\
\
To Use:\
Drag the ruler origin to the point about which you want to make repeated rotations.\
Select the objects you wish to rotate. Run the script. The script prompts you for the rotation amount in degrees.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0

\b \cf0 JET_StackTopToBottom.jsx
\b0 \
A Javascript for Adobe Illustration by James E. Talmage\
\
Purpose:\
This script re-stacks the selected objects\
according to their vertical positions, top to bottom.\
After running the script, the selected object positioned highest on the page will be rearmost;\
the one lowest on the page will be frontmost.\
This is mainly useful for correcting the stacking order of individual\
PointType textFrames in imported CAD drawings before concatenating them into a single AreaType textFrame, as in a parts list.\
\
To Use:\
Select the individual text objects which are visually in the correct order, but which are not actually stacked in the correct z-order.\
Run the script. The text objects will be re-stacked, but will not be moved. Copy the text objects and paste into a single textFrame.\
\

\b JET_ScaleSame.jsx
\b0 \
A Javascript for Adobe Illustration by James E. Talmage\
\
Purpose:\
This script Proportionally scales selected pageItems about their centers to the same dimension. The dimension used is either the height or width of the frontmost selected pageItem, whichever is greatest.\
\
To Use:\
Select any number of pageItems. Run the script.
\b \
\
}