{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.15.1507;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\b\f0\fs20 JET_AreaLabel.jsx\b0\par
A Javascript for Adobe Illustrator by James E. Talmage.\par
\tab\par
Purpose:\par
Creates a textFrame object that can be used as either just a reference and then deleted, or as a label in the drawing.\par
\tab\par
Schema:\tab\par
This script returns an alert containing the area of the frontmost selected pathItem.\par
The area is given in the five units of measure supported by Illustrator's rulers.\par
A pointType textFrame object is created at the center of the pathItem's bounding box\par
containing the text of the alert.\par
\par
To Use:\par
Select a path. Run the script. Delete, edit, and/or style the resulting textframe object as desired. \par
\par
\b JET_X_InkListSepLabels.jsx\par
\b0 A Javascript for Adobe Illustrator by James E. Talmage.\par
\par
Purpose:\par
In Illustrator's Print dialog, on the Marks And Bleeds pane, the Page Information option causes separation names to print in the bleed area. However, the sep names are printed in a horizontal row. In a document containing several spot colors (common in screen printing), the names of some seps fall beyond the bleed area and therefore do not appear on the printed seps. This script provides a workaround for that.\par
\par
Algorithm:\par
This script creates a set of stacked text labels at the lower left of the page, one for each ink in Illustrator's inkList. That means one for Process Cyan, Process Magenta, Process Yellow, and Process Black (whether they are used in the document or not), and one for each spot color used in the document. (Only spot colors used in the document are included in Illustrator's inkList. Therefore, labels are not created for any additional spot colors which may exist in the Swatches Palette, but which are not used.)\par
The labels are created as PointType textframe objects offset from the left edge of the Artboard by the size of the label text, and offset from the bottom edge by half the size of the label text. The script provides a prompt to allow the user to choose the size of the label text.\par
\par
To Use:\par
With an Illustrator document open, select the script from the File>Scripts submenu.\par
A prompt appears to allow you to set the size of the separation labels. Default is 9 pt.\par
After clicking OK in the prompt, the stack of labels are created.\par
If you want the labels to appear elsewhere, marquee select them and drag them.\par
To distribute the labels, select the top one, ShiftDrag it horizontally to the right edge of the artboard. Then marquee select all the labels and use auto Distribute from the Align Panel.\par
\par
Experimental Notes:\par
The script is titled "JET_X..." because although it is useable, I consider it a work-in-progress.\par
1. Consolidate the creation of CMYK labels. Since Illustrator evidently includes C,M,Y,K in its inklist regardless of whether those colors actually occur in the artwork, there is probably no need for the Switch statement which tests for those colors.\par
Simply create CMYK labels instead. Replace the Switch with a simple If statement to watch for CUSTOM inkTypes.\par
2. Is there a more concise way to define the 100% CMYK component colors?\par
\par
\b JET_X_InkListSepLabels_CUSTOMINKsOnly.jsx\par
\b0 A Javascript for Adobe Illustrator by James E. Talmage.\par
\par
Purpose:\par
In Illustrator's Print dialog, on the Marks And Bleeds pane, the Page Information option causes separation names to print in the bleed area. However, the sep names are printed in a horizontal row. In a document containing several spot colors (common in screen printing), the names of some seps fall beyond the bleed area and therefore do not appear on the printed seps. This script provides a workaround for that.\par
\par
Algorithm:\par
This script is a variation of the JET_X_InkListSepLabels script. Because the InkLIst object in AI's Javascript implementation includes CMYK process inks, regardless of whether they are used in the document, the handling of those inks is removed from this simpler script. In other words, this script creates labels for only CUSTOMINKs (spot inks) actually used in the document.\par
This script creates a set of stacked text labels at the lower left of the page, one for each ink in Illustrator's inkList with a  inkInfo.kind of InkType.CUSTOMINK. That means one for each spot color used in the document. (Only spot colors used in the document are included in Illustrator's inkList. Therefore, labels are not created for any additional spot colors which may exist in the Swatches Palette, but which are not used.)\par
The labels are created as PointType textframe objects offset from the left edge of the Artboard by the size of the label text, and offset from the bottom edge by half the size of the label text. The script provides a prompt to allow the user to choose the size of the label text. Line 40 sets a string variable to "Times-Roman". To change the font used, edit the text string. The value must be the accurate name of an installed font, or an error message will occur.\par
\par
To Use:\par
With an Illustrator document open, select the script from the File>Scripts submenu.\par
A prompt appears to allow you to set the size of the separation labels. Default is 9 pt.\par
After clicking OK in the prompt, the stack of labels are created.\par
If you want the labels to appear elsewhere, marquee select them and drag them.\par
To distribute the labels, select the top one, ShiftDrag it horizontally to the right edge of the artboard.\par
Then marquee select all the labels and use auto Distribute from the Align Panel.\par
\par
Experimental Notes:\par
The script is titled "JET_X..." because although it is useable, I consider it a work-in-progress.\par
1. Consolidate the creation of CMYK labels. Since Illustrator evidently includes C,M,Y,K in its inklist regardless of whether\par
those colors actually occur in the artwork, there is probably no need for the Switch statement which tests for those colors.\par
Simply create CMYK labels instead. Replace the Switch with a simple If statement to watch for CUSTOM inkTypes.\par
2. Is there a more concise way to define the 100% CMYK component colors?\par
\par
\b JET_InsertName&Date.jsx\par
\b0 A Javascript for Adobe Illustrator by James E. Talmage\par
\par
Purpose:\par
This script adds the active document's file name and the current timestamp (date & time) at the text cursor position within a textframe object. \par
\par
To Use:\par
With an Illustrator document open, use the Text Tool to create a textframe object. This can be a textframe of any kind (PointType, AreaType, PathType).\par
The text editing cursor (the blinking text "I-beam") must be active in the textframe.\par
Run the script.\par
The script inserts the document's name and the current date into the textframe.\par
\par
\b JET_NumberedCallouts\b0\par
A Javascript for Adobe Illustrator CS2 by James E. Talmage.\par
\par
Purpose:\par
Creates a set of textFrame objects containing sequential numbers with an optional prefix.\par
Also names each object (names appear in the Layers Panel) by the prefix and number.\par
The naming portion of the script works on any object that can be duplicated. Therefore, the script can also be used to create and name a series of copies of any other type of object.\par
\par
To Use: Select one object. Run the script.\par
\par
\b JET_SerialNumbers.jsx\b0\par
A Javascript for Adobe Illustrator by James E. Talmage\par
\par
Purpose:\par
Creates serial numbers within a selected text frame, incremented by one, with user-defined prefix, number of entries, and starting number.\par
Numbers are separated by carriage returns. Useful for ticket-like number sequences.\par
\par
To Use:\par
Create a textframe object. This can be either PointType or AreaType. Select the textframe as an object.\par
(Do not have the text edit cursor active inside it.) Then run the script.\par
The content of the textframe is replaced by the serial numbers according to the parameters you specify in the prompts.\par
\par
\b JET_X_SwatchesLegend.jsx\b0\par
A Javascript for Adobe Illustrator by James E. Talmage.\par
\par
Purpose:\par
Creates a series of labeled squares at the bottom left of the Artboard, each filled with one Swatch in the Swatches Panel.\par
Useful for adding a "color legend" on pages of identity graphics, to specify colors.\par
\par
Algorithm:\par
For each named Swatch in the Swatches Palette, the script draws a square filled with the Swatch color,\par
and creates beside it a PointType object containing the name of the Swatch.\par
The text labels are filled with Registration color.\par
A prompt allows the user to set the desired size of the squares (in points). The label text size is 1/3 the size of the squares.\par
\par
To Use:\par
The script creates squares and labels for each swatch defined in the Swatches Panel, not just those used in the artwork.\par
Therefore, before running the script, use the Add Used Colors command in the Swatches Panel flyout menu to make sure\par
Swatches are defined for all used colors. Use Select All Unused and Delete Swatch commands to remove unused Swatches.\par
\par
Experimental Notes:\par
The script is titled "JET_X..." because although it is useable, I consider it a work-in-progress.\par
1. The value entered in the prompt is by default interpreted as a string, which in the first attempt,\par
caused the spacing of the squares to act wrong. The parseFloat() function is used\par
to correct that.\par
2. Future improvement: Add a dialog with radio buttons to select between:\par
All Named Swatches\par
Used Named Swatches\par
All Spot Swatches\par
Used Spot Swatches\par
Then embed this script into a function that is called when All Named Swatches is selected.\b\par
}
 