{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf350
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\info
{\keywords fitsPagesWidth=1}}\vieww15520\viewh15480\viewkind1\viewscale100
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 JET_CloseSelectedPaths.jsx\

\b0 A Javascript for Adobe Illustrator by James E. Talmage\
\
Purpose:\
Illustrator's Join command (Ctrl J) cannot close more than one path at a time.\
When closing paths via Illustrator's Join command, the closing segment is always straight, regardless of pre-existing curve handles.\
This script closes multiple paths at once and respects their existing outboard handles.\
\
To Use:\
Select one or more pathItems. Run the script.\
For each selected open path, the script closes the path.\
\

\b JET_RemoveSelectedPoints.jsx\

\b0 A Javascript for Adobe Illustrator by James E. Talmage\
\
Purpose:\
Illustrator's Delete Anchor Point Tool can only remove one point at a time.\
Pressing Delete when multiple anchorPoints are selected also deletes their associated segments, breaking the paths.\
This script removes selected points of selected paths without breaking the paths.\
\
To Use:\
Select one or more anchorPoints on one or more paths. Run the script.\
Each selected point is removed from the path, without breaking the path.\
\

\b JET_JoinNearest.jsx\

\b0 A Javascript for Adobe Illustrator by James E. Talmage\
\
Purpose:\
Illustrator's Join can only join two paths at a time, requires tedious selection of endpoints, and always joins with a straight segment, regardless of existing outboard curve handles.\
This script joins selected paths at their nearest ends. The joining segments retain any pre-existing outboard handles.\
\
To Use:\
Select two or more pathItems. Run the script.\
The paths are joined end-to-nearest-end. The resulting path takes on the Fill and Stroke of the topmost original path.
\b \

\b0 \

\b JET_JoinNearestStraight.jsx\

\b0 A Javascript for Adobe Illustrator by James E. Talmage\
\
Purpose:\
Illustrator's Join can only join two paths at a time, requires tedious selection of endpoints, and always joins with a straight segment,\
regardless of existing outboard curve handles.\
This script joins selected paths at their nearest ends. The joining segments retract any pre-existing outboard handles,\
resulting in straight joining segments.\
\
To Use:\
Select two or more pathItems. Run the script.\
The paths are joined end-to-nearest-end. The resulting path takes on the Fill and Stroke of the topmost original path.\
\

\b JET_OpenSelectedPaths.jsx\

\b0 A Javascript for Adobe Illustrator by James E. Talmage\
\
Purpose:\
FreeHand provides an Open Path command opposite to the Close Path command. Illustrator does not.\
This script does the opposite of the JET_CloseSelectedPaths script. It removes the last segment of each of the selected paths.\
If the removed segment is curved, the curve handles remain as outboard handles of the new paths' endpoints.\
\
To Use:\
Select two or more pathItems. Run the script.\
The paths are joined end-to-nearest-end. The resulting path takes on the Fill and Stroke of the topmost original path.\
\

\b JET_RetractHandleLeft.jsx and JET_RetractHandleRight.jsx
\b0 \
Javascripts for Adobe Illustrator by James E. Talmage\
\
Purpose:\
FreeHand provides separate left and right Retract Handles buttons, as well as buttons to convert point kind (corner, curve, tangent).\
Illustrator only obtained buttons to convert the kind (smooth or corner) of multiple selected points in CS3, and provides\
no control over individual handles. The CS3 buttons always retract both handles when converting to corner points; always\
extend handles when converting to smooth points.\
This script, and its companion allow you to retract either the leading or trailing handle of each selected anchorPoint. It does this without\
converting the kind of the anchorPoints.\
\
To Use:\
Select one or more anchorPoint(s). Run the script.\
The left (leading) curve handles are retracted to the position of their associated anchorPoints.\
\

\b JET_ReversePath.jsx
\b0 \
A Javascript for Adobe Illustrator by James E. Talmage\
\
Purpose:\
FreeHand provides a Reverse Path command which works on any number of selected paths or subpaths.\
Illustrator provides a reverse direction toggle button in the Attributes Panel, but it only works on subpaths of Compound Paths.\
This script, reverses the direction of one or more selected paths and/or subpaths. Especially useful for reversing the spines of Brush and Blend spines..\
\
To Use:\
Select one or more pathItem(s). Run the script.\
The direction of each selected path is reversed.\
\

\b JET_Split.jsx
\b0 \
A Javascript for Adobe Illustrator by James E. Talmage\
\
Purpose:\
FreeHand has long provided a Split Path command which breaks paths at all subselected points.\
Illustrator only just gained a similar function in CS3 in the Control Panel's Cut Paths At Selected Anchor Points button.\
Like other buttons in the Control Panel, this one disappears if its expected selection context is not true. For example, it disappears\
if all of the points of a path are selected.\
This script, splits all selected paths at all selected anchorPoints.\
\
To Use:\
Select one or more pathItem(s). Run the script.\
The path(s) are cut at each selected anchorPoint.\
\

\b JET_HandlesCopy.jsx 
\b0 and
\b  JET_HandlesPaste.jsx\

\b0 A pair of Javascripts for Adobe Illustration by James E. Talmage.\
\'a9 2010 James E. Talmage\
\
Purpose:\
These two scripts serve to "copy" the direction handles of one anchorPoint and "paste" them to any number of other anchorPoints,\
resulting in same-length, same-angle handles on all of the anchorPoints.\
JET_HandlesCopy performs the "copy" operation and is run first. JET_HandlesPaste performs the "paste" operation and is run second.\
\
Schema:\
JET_HandlesCopy acquires the distances of a single selected anchorPoint's direction handles from its anchor. It then creates a temporary textFrame located at the current Artboard's origin, to store the resulting values. The textFrame is given a name ("Temp_DeltaVals") so that it can be addressed by the JET_HandlesPaste script.\
JET_HandlesPaste retreives the values from the textFrame and applies them to the handles of all selected anchorPoints. This results in all the anchorPoints having same-length and same-angle handles. The script then deletes the temporary textFrame.\
deletes the textFrame.\
\
To Use:\
DirectSelect a single anchorPoint the handles of which you wish to replicate in other anchorPoints.\
Run the JET_HandlesCopy script.\
Select the anchorPoint(s) to which you want to apply same length/angle direction handles.\
Run the JET_HandlesPaste script.
\b \
}